etc. Let's dive into the user story now.
So the first user story says eligibility
determination and request initiation.
The epic description says determine
whether a staff member is eligible to
raise a review request based on the
Yeah.
completion of their cohort review.
So the story, it's the activist system.
The description says, as a system, I want,
I must evaluate whether a staff member is
eligible to raise a review request for a
specific cohort so that the review
mechanism is only used when appropriate.
Acceptance criteria is given a staff
member is authenticated.
When cohort eligibility is evaluated,
then eligibility must be determined based
on CER review completed and outcome
correspondence issued or no underpayment
is identified.
If eligibility conditions are not met,
then review mechanism must not be enabled
for the staff member. Once eligible.
for access,
access remains open until the end of CER.
This is pretty clear.
I have one question related to this user
story.
So the eligibility is determined as per
the cohort, right?
Yes.
Yeah, and as I initially stated,
we also want to discuss those edge case
scenarios as well,
because it's important we capture that in
the user story,
because it's not only for the developers
or the functionals, right?
It's for the testers who want to test all
the negative scenario and pass the user
story.
It helps them when they write their test
cases. So
Are there any override scenarios here?
So what if the eligibility criteria,
obviously the criteria is decided by some
other policy team maybe.
What if it changes in the middle of the
CER? Is it impacted?
So I want to understand those scenarios.
I'm just trying to think the only,
this eligibility is not,
I don't think would change in terms of
there has to be a CER outcome.
The only other option might be if they
seek a second review or maybe they do a
first,
they go through the review mechanism,
there's an outcome and then they want to
go through the review mechanism again.
Yeah,
so that would be fine if there are
Mhm.
multiple cohorts.
So there are some staff who might be in
cohort one who might be in other cohorts.
So cohort one is sessional staff and the
rest of professional staff one.
So there is possibility that people could
be in cohort.
one and then one of the others.
So they might have,
Mhm.
they might go through the review
mechanism perhaps twice for each of the
cohorts.
But if a staff member for the same cohort
Yeah.
is trying to go through the review
mechanism too many times. Yeah.
So for example, if you had a complex one,
like the inquiries we received,
but they come in multiple times,
do we want it to turn off their access or
do we want to keep that open?
Just keep it open. I would just keep.
I think you become eligible to access the
review mechanism,
but there's no reason why we would not
accept that request. So yeah,
once it's open,
it just remains open for them.
Mm.
And I don't imagine there would be a
scenario where we provide access to the
review mechanism if people don't meet
those criteria. Yeah,
that's what I can't think of any other
edge cases there.
Mhm.
Okay,
and then it's always through the process.
There is the manual eligibility
allocation,
like manually admin can't come in and
allow a person to raise a CER.
It has to follow the process, right?
Usually there will be some scenario where
admin can override the automation that's
been built.
We are not looking into any such
scenarios either.
That's a good question. Can admin, yeah,
admin override? I think we'd only be,
It's.
we're trying to direct everybody,
every staff member to have to start their
own request. I think that is reasonable.
Mm.
Okay.
Is there any situation where someone who
we haven't considered to be part of the
review might?
become included in the review if they're
not in scope but they reach out and ask
to be reviewed.
Is there any scenario where we would
allow that to happen within the?
They have to have a CER outcome
notification. If not,
we would handle it as a BAU sort of a HR
matter. I don't. Yeah. Because the scope,
yeah,
that was one of the things we were
talking about today. Yeah.
Is someone going to come in in the last
minute and be like, oh crap,
that needs to be included.
But no, because the 18,
000 that we've got is the number.
Mm.
There's no additional people. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. So the answer to that, Maduri,
Okay, so that is.
is no. No further fix.
Okay, so there are three questions,
the answer is no for all of them. Okay,
cool, that's good. Let's move on to the...
I think we,
I think there'll be more complexity with
the other modules with the document
upload and the payment details where
there might be special cases,
but I think for the review mechanism,
Mm.
it's quite broad. Yeah.
OK, wonderful. Yeah. Thanks, Katie.
Yep,
I've just added a line to say they are
allowed to submit multiple requests.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Does the first request need to be closed
Okay, thanks, Cici.
before they're allowed to submit a second
request?
Great question. Interesting.
How will the system bank it?
No, well, we probably not necessarily,
because if you're under multiple cohorts,
yeah,
you could have more than one open at the
Mm.
So,
is it a one request per cohort per stuff?
time.
No,
you can have multiple requests with the
same cohort. Yeah. Yeah.
And staff members might provide
Okay, okay, okay.
Yeah.
information that overlaps between both of
the cohorts they're involved in in the
review mechanism.
So I don't know if we want to strictly
separate them out between cohorts. If,
for example,
they were in cohort one and they received
the outcome and they didn't submit a
review mechanism, but then they were in
cohort 4 and at that point they decided
that they wanted everything to be
reviewed,
then they might submit it for both those
cohorts.
And we don't necessarily want to separate
Mhm.
it out because some information might
overlap. So.
Okay.
Yeah,
but they will still be able to access. Oh,
yeah, yeah, okay, okay. That's okay.
That's for me to design. Oh, good.
Mm.
Yeah,
maybe we can discuss that a bit further
Yeah, the...
offline.
Might need to brainstorm a little bit
Mm.
around what the best approach would be
there.
Yeah.
Yeah,
but the somebody is they can have
multiple request rates and they can be
part of multiple cohort as well.
Yes, yes.
Perfect. Moving on to the next user story,
review case creation and context
establishment.
Create a uniquely identifiable review
case for each request and establish its
lifecycle context. So again,
the actor is system here.
As a system I want to create,
I must create a unique review request
case when a staff member initiates a
review.
so that the request can be tracked,
audited, and progressed independently.
So acceptance criteria says,
as a new review request case is created
per initiation,
a unique request ID is generated.
The request is linked to staff member,
cohort, or cohorts,
whereas staff member is more,
is in more than one.
Yeah.
cohort, original CER outcome,
initial status is review request started,
creation timestamp is recorded.
Ohh, yeah,
so I guess we want a we want a new
initiation and flow each time a request
is started,
and the reasoning behind that is we have
a 30 day, as I would call it, to complete,
Mm.
to complete, yeah, yeah, resolve, yeah,
resolve, once it comes through,
we have 30 days before we have to resolve
it, so...
If there's a break in communications or
if someone doesn't get back to us in time,
Hmm.
this is kind of captured in some of the
other stories,
it would kind of restart that 30 day
process.
Yes,
I think the 30 day SLA is captured in
Yeah.
another user story.
I remember seeing that Cici,
Okay.
Oh, great.
but let it be, leave it there.
What if we miss it?
Okay, yeah.
So just put it as a bracket,
like please note. Yeah.
Yeah,
and then we can link it on Jira if it's
on, yeah.
Yeah, cool.
So the question that I wanted to ask is,
is one review request per cohort is
sufficient?
So I understand the request is for a
particular cohort or multiple cohorts,
if the staff member is part of multiple
cohort, but from a case perspective,
Is it enough to have one request?
I think we just fall for the reporting.
We weren't sure if we would need multiple
kind of lines of requests to show that
maybe one timed out and then a new one
started on this day and then that's where
we started the 30 day limit from. So if,
Ahh.
yeah, so if one opened and then they
initiated another one and it came under
the same case,
it would exceed our time limits.
Or more to the point, sorry, do you mean,
Yep, yep.
because we've agreed with the Fair Work
Ombudsman that if somebody submits a
review but they don't get back to us for
seven days, that timer restarts again.
Hmm.
I don't know how you handle that in the
system.
So I don't know if they get back to us
that's part of the same review or. Yeah,
we just need to make that clear in our
reporting to the flow when the when it
starts and because to the flow we provide
a start date and an end date.
So as long as that's within that 30 day
window.
So we weren't sure if it would need to be
a new case each time that is re-initiated,
just to capture that information.
I don't know if that makes sense.
But when you say is it sufficient,
what do you mean by sufficient?
Yeah.
Do you mean?
Well, when I say sufficient,
can one request can capture the
information related to the whole cohort?
Because there will be multiple staff
within the cohort.
Is there a scenario where you might have
to raise multiple cases because there are
multiple staffs within a cohort?
It's an individual individuals. Yeah,
so each case is per staff member.
What is it?
So each individual staff member would
have their own case.
Okay.
Okay, so.
Per staff per cohort.
Okay, per stop per cohort. Okay, okay.
Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
And...
And I think Katie, you were mentioning,
imagine that 30 days window is over and
then there is another request.
But when it comes to the SSL,
do they have to have a view of old cases
as well when they...
Assist this particular case.
Yeah,
I think it'd be useful for them to be
able to access all of the previous
information in case it's still relevant.
So the staff member doesn't have to
resubmit everything each time.
Okay.
Okay, so when they look at the form,
we should have a subgrid kind of a thing
Yeah.
that shows the historic cases which is
associated with the same thing. Okay,
Yes.
It.
that's good.
Thank you.
That makes sense. Okay,
let's move on to the next user story.
So it's review request information,
capture structured justification and
supporting documentation from the
requester. Again,
Yeah.
the persona here is a staff member.
As a current or former staff member,
I want to provide a written justification
explaining why I am seeking a review.
so that the review team understands my
concern.
Acceptance criteria says pretext
justification is mandatory.
Character limit is enforced to 3,
000 character.
QUT is open to advise around the limit.
That's fine.
Live character counter is displayed.
Submission is blocked if field is empty.
Okay, that makes clear sense.
Let me see if I have documented any
question. Okay, I think again,
the 3000 character limit, do you think,
looking at the past history,
that 3000 is sufficient or are you
Yeah.
thinking that it could be increased or do
you see a...
see it increasing in the future.
Potentially,
I think our main thinking around that was
just to make sure that they're providing
the relevant information rather than
adding additional information that's not
really required.
We did some research that suggested that
amount of characters yields the helpful
information while providing necessary
restrictions on...
Ohh, **** it.
And this is why, because it was a Tuesday,
it was raining, blah, blah, blah, blah,
Yeah.
Okay, understood.
Unnecessary details coming too, yeah.
blah. So.
I think I think that I think if I can I
can say the 3000 is the one that we've
decided on,
but is it is it possible to increase it
Mhm.
later?
I don't see any situation where we would
because I think about that first initial
3000 characters is just one instance.
There might be another communication
within the review mechanism. So this
Mm.
first review justification is the first
initial thing.
They can do that again if more
information needs to be provided.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, that makes sense.
And I think just to support your point,
Yeah.
Rachel, I think in the tool tip,
we can give them guidance as to what
outcome you believe is incorrect,
why you believe it's incorrect,
Yeah.
and any specific period role or payment
year.
Yeah.
concerned about.
If we provide those tool tip,
Yes.
it'll give them a guidance as to what
those 3000 characters should hold, right?
Yes, yes. Yeah, that's grand.
Okay.
So we'll add that tool tip as well then.
Cool. Moving on to the next user story,
uploading supporting document for review.
Staff member, as a staff member,
I want to optionally upload supporting
documents to substantiate my review
request so that the relevant evidence can
be considered.
Acceptance criteria says approved file
type only,
file size limits enforced as required by
the portal limitation.
Bulk upload multiple files may be
uploaded,
noting some staff could have over 150
files to upload.
Upload failures are closely indicated to
the user.
Mmh.
User is made aware that document must be
uploaded and submitted.
If left unsubmitted,
documents will be deleted.
Once form access is terminated,
documents are correctly linked to the
review request ID and staff member.
This is pretty clear.
Let me see if I have documented any
questions.
Now that second bit where it says if left,
some submitted documents will be deleted
once form is accessed, is terminated.
So you see that?
Mm.
You probably haven't seen that yet.
That was,
I tried to sort of flesh out what was
already there and I did it in edit,
not review, tisk, tisk, so sorry.
But what we're trying to basically say is
Oh no, Goudie.
we want to make it really clear to people
that
If you don't submit it,
it's not getting sent to review. Yeah.
Ohh.
If you don't submit it,
it's the equivalent of you haven't
Yeah.
touched it for seven days, delete. Yeah,
we just want to make sure people don't
upload and then think that we now have
access to it.
They just have to hit submit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a fair call.
So do we have a...
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
The Submit button should be clear here.
Do we have a view as to what kind of
files we are thinking,
type of files we are thinking here?
I think we're pretty open. It's possible.
Yeah,
it depends on what the portal can handle
really. It's more kind of up to you guys.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah,
what the portal can handle and what KPMG
Yes.
So the file types we've seen,
so it was Excel, PDF.
can analyse and discovery.
So I understand we want to stay away from
images.
I think we should allow them to upload
images. We do. Yeah,
Mm.
especially if they're scanning their
document. OK. Yeah.
Although that would be PED.
Yeah,
do we allow zip files if they want to zip
all their time sheets?
Yeah, I don't think. Yeah, yeah.
Yep.
This is whatever you guys think.
Haigh.
Yeah, we expect images, Excel, PDF, zip,
e-mail, is e-mail possible? Message.
Yeah, yeah, AML MSJ, yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
Come here.
What else is there?
Word, do they need Word document? Oh,
we'll just accept that anyway. That's...
Yeah, I think people, I think people,
we have seen some words come through.
Not harmful, yeah.
Yeah,
we can we can update that as well when we
do the design tech designs. Okay,
and also a quick question related to
Yeah.
upload failures are clearly indicated to
the user.
I think we'll just give them the error
message that your upload has failed.
Please retry some standard error messages,
right?
Yeah, that's great. Yeah.
Yeah, just the out-of-box message.
Okay, cool.
Okay, moving on to the next user story,
validate and store review request
information. As a system,
I must validate and store submitted
review information so that it can be
assessed reliably.
Acceptance criteria says all mandatory
fields are validated,
files are virus scan,
data is persistent before.
Transition to assessment state submission
time stamp is recorded.
Okay,
so when you say data persistent before
transition to assessment state,
is there any business rules you are
thinking about?
Do you have any thinking behind the word
persistent before transition?
I think this is a Quinn one,
but I'm not sure if he's back yet.
Um...
Let me just... Oh, you are, yeah.
Yeah, I'm back, sorry.
So,
all we're sending here is like the
information that has been collected needs
to be available for the next person for
Okay.
the for the evaluation person - that's it.
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Um...
And it says all mandatory fields are
validated.
We also want to have that list of
mandatory fields that we need to build in
the system. May not be right now.
We will send you a follow-up e-mail list,
Yeah.
which will have all the things that we
need to build the system.
It will have that mandatory field list
request as well.
Just be aware that we definitely need
that field list to build the form. Okay,
so moving on to the next one,
verified access and session control.
Okay.
Epic description says,
ensure non-persistent session behaviour
consistent with the portal authentication
model.
Enforce system timeout during the review
request completion. As a system,
I must enforce the session timeout of two
hours,
so that partially completed review
requests are protected and user must
reauthenticate if inactive.
Acceptance criteria says session timeout
after.
after two hours of inactivity,
data entered prior to timeout is saved
for user,
but it's not automatically submitted.
User must reauthenticate to resume,
user returns to the same review request
instance. That's perfect.
Oh.
So the user should get the timeout
warning when he reaches the two hour
state, right?
I think that's going to be a standard
Yeah.
timeout pop-up.
I don't have any further question on this.
Cici, Nic,
do you have anything to ask on this user
story? I think it's.
So the justification,
let's say they're halfway typing through
it and then a timeout happens.
You still want to capture what's already
been typed.
A good question. Yeah.
Or until they click Save and Exit,
it doesn't save it at all.
I think we had it just so that it keeps
everything they've put in if it times out
and then when they come back it will have
whatever they lost put in there.
But it shouldn't time out if they're
still typing, I think.
But they haven't saved it. Yeah,
because it's more inactivity based,
Oh, because it's inactivity, yeah.
isn't it?
Is that what you were thinking for the...
Yes.
Yeah. Yeah.
So now this was based on the information
we've come up with for the payment
details.
But there's still no persistent data.
So if it only. No,
it is going to be persistent. Oh,
it is persistent. Yeah. Okay. So what,
but Cici is your question. So if my,
is there a save button and a submit
button?
If they have time, type, type, type, type,
type, ohh, actually I have to go,
Then click the save, yeah.
I have to go do some shopping,
I haven't saved it,
and the two-hour times out,
and they haven't pressed save,
it just deletes it.
Is that what you're thinking?
Yeah,
I think that's the current system
behaviour. Yeah,
maybe just add a save and exit button so
Yeah, stand there.
I think that makes sense.
that they can save and exit.
Yeah,
someone might need to come back for more.
Like,
if we are going to give them a persistent
Yeah.
option,
it makes sense to give them the option to
leave and come back.
Yeah, yeah.
So, sorry, are we asking to save when,
auto save when the two hour timeout
happens or we are just asking the user to
save and exit?
Good question.
I don't have a preference with that.
I think whichever is easiest for you guys
to do.
Do you know how does anyone have a
preference?
I think it's I think it's one of his
easiest for you guys.
Okay.
Yeah, okay. I think 7 exit makes sense.
I want to look into that, yeah.
Okay, cool.
So then we'll stick with the same and
Yeah,
and if during UAT we find that really
exit. It's cool.
unhelpful, we can find another way. Yeah,
but we'll go with that one now.
Yeah, great.
Okay, perfect.
Okay, so moving on to the next user study,
review assessment, KPMG,
enable KPMG to assess submitted request,
review request and data mine review
progression.
So as a system,
I must assign each submitted review
request to KPMG so that assessment can
begin.
Acceptance criteria says request status
transition to assessment in progress,
request appear in KPMG work queue,
all submitted data is viewable.
So the only question that I have on this
is the volume because
Is there a peak season kind of a thing
where you'll see higher volume of request?
Because we need, if it's very high volume,
how are we planning to divide that
workload among the SSR?
Do we need to have a think about that as
well?
That is, yeah.
You only if there is a high volume which
you think has to be distributed equally,
need to have some mechanism of volume
distribution.
You're right,
there will probably be peaks in volume
every time we release sort of an outcome
to the different cohorts and the
Okay.
different cohorts, different people.
We are, I believe,
talking to Bronte's team is the one that
will be the first team to access this and
we will talk to them about how do we
resource for those peaks.
Okay.
Madura,
are you thinking volume management inside
KPMG or volume management across KPMG and
QUT?
Well, at this point of time,
this is this user story is about KPMG
assessor and it says request request AP
in KPMG work queue.
Yeah, Gray.
So the question was related to this,
but if you think this is a larger problem
Yeah, great.
that has to be solved across the.
QUT and KPMG,
we can reply the same logic there as well.
Well, it has to go to KPM. Yeah,
in the first instance, anyway, so no,
I don't think I don't think it needs an
additional.
Okay, cool. Cici,
do you have any questions related to this?
I think we'll have a chat with David and
Bronte to see how many KPMG assessors
will be available at this time.
Mm.
Okay.
Any idea at the moment, David?
This is only to review those that, okay,
that have asked for a review, is it?
Yeah.
That's right.
Yeah. Yeah, when we.
Yeah.
And triage if it needs more information
or QUT.
Right.
Yeah, yeah,
I think when we go with the release,
it's probably going to be similar people
to the call centre or the hotline,
so maybe we just ramp up the hotline
initially,
maybe 4 to 4 users for a week and see how
we go, and then we can dial it back.
Yeah.
Okay.
We can just enter into an assigned and
they will have a view where they can pick
And.
Yeah.
it up from. We can cover that in training.
That should be fine.
And it's 30 days, right? To respond,
we have to,
or do we have to resolve it in 30 days,
or is it just to respond?
Resolve within 30 days,
acknowledge within two days,
Is resolved, yeah?
Austin.
and then resolve within 30.
Can the acknowledgement be an automated
message or does it have to be?
I think that's, I think, yeah, I agree.
Okay, okay, okay. Yeah,
maybe for the first week we plan for a
Yep.
bit more on the resourcing, but
You have to monitor it.
And, and, yeah, yeah,
and maybe scale it back if we don't need
it.
Yeah.
And I guess a similar question for the
QUT side then,
like if the heaps that we need to assign
to QUT,
is it to the same user we are assigning
it to?
Yeah, so we two, three, 4,
so we would need 4 users.
For users, yeah.
Up there.
Just thinking about,
because people need to gather their
information,
they probably won't all come at once
anyway. It's so...
Mm.
Correct. Yeah, that's a good thing.
You'll have your angry one,
so that's first week,
and then you'll have the thoughtful ones
who write us reams and reams,
and that's really week two.
Pay.
Huh.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Then 8 weeks later, you'll have, oh,
I just got this. Yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, so they might find out, yeah.
You paid me $10,
000 and I'm not happy about that.
My friend got paid this boy, didn't I?
Yeah. Yeah. Well, is there a settled?
But...
So the user story also talks about the
queue.
No.
Are there any category of requests that
we want to queue differently,
like high priority queue, medium priority?
Do you think all of them are of equal
They are the same queue, probably.
priority?
I think they're all the same. Yeah,
the only time,
Okay.
the only priority of the timeline,
the ones,
so they're approaching the 30 days.
Okay.
Mm.
They become high priority,
manage that differently though, yeah,
yeah, I think.
Yes,
does it come with like a sort function?
Yeah, okay, I'll get sorted from oldest.
Nice.
Yeah, sort, you can sort it, yeah.
Yeah, and then there'll be,
we can tell the SLA timer as well.
Mm.
Okay,
so one queue sorted oldest to newest.
Okay.
Okay,
then we'll move on to the next user story.
Review request information, KPMG assessor.
As a KPMG assessor,
I want to assess the submitted
information so that I can determine
whether an outcome can be reached.
Acceptance criteria,
assessor can view justification
supporting document.
Request metadata,
a subgroup of other requests submitted by
the same staff. Thanks, Cici. Yeah,
that's really good.
Yeah, I just added that.
I was gonna say, that's a good idea.
Yeah,
accessor can select outcome determination
or additional information required or QUT
HR advice required. So.
Request metadata.
So what do we actually mean by this?
What field are we talking about here?
So I guess what would we need to know,
whether their current or former staff
member, their employee ID.
Okay.
Um, when the when it was submitted, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
That may be the e-mail address.
e-mail address.
I guess just their name and their cohort.
Yeah, what's the minimum we need,
Yeah.
do you think?
Or all of that is the minimum.
We can show you everything because that's
recorded in the contact table.
Yeah.
Correct. Yeah, great. Oh, great.
So we'll just expose it for you. So name,
cohort, e-mail address, current,
former staff. Sorry,
anything else on here? Oh, submission.
I don't even think you need current or
former staff because cohort will answer
Yes.
that. Oh, not necessarily. No, they won't.
I lie. That was a test. Well done.
Yes.
Hello, e-mail address,
current form of stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
All the time, standard.
Yeah.
Submission timestamp is that, yeah.
Yeah.
No, it's just not appearing on there.
Answer it.
So, there you go, there it is.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
And I think we've already confirmed this
in the business process flow.
Every request has to go through the KPMG
SSL, right? Then no deviation. Okay.
Yes, yes, yeah.
Yep.
Cool. Moving on to the next user story,
additional information loop Dataverse
nodes support controlled back and forth
communication between the requester,
current or former stock, and KPMG.
Create and manage Dataverse nodes for new
communication as the system I must.
store all review communication as
Dataverse notes so that the conversation
is auditable and immutable.
Acceptance criteria,
notes are time stamped,
notes are user attributed,
notes cannot be edited or deleted,
notes are displayed in chronological
order, and.
exportable and reportable.
Um...
They can attach,
add attachments to the notes.
Yes.
Yes, yeah, good idea.
I think we have that in this.
Stories for like the individual users,
maybe.
So, this is...
Yeah.
Just want to understand a bit more about
the document attachment, right?
Are you expecting document version
control, etc. in the attachment? No.
Would that be if they uploaded the same
document multiple times but different
versions?
Yeah.
Please?
And do we need version control?
Version control, yeah.
As in it applies it for us.
Yeah.
If the system or...
I think that can be done using,
if we upload it,
have that SharePoint integration, right,
Cici?
If they're directly attaching it to the,
yeah, it's just an attachment.
Yeah, but, but notice not.
So if that's your need,
then we might have to think about a
different solution. If you,
if it's just attachment along with the
notes.
We can actually,
it's already out-of-the-box.
We can just use timeline attachment
feature there.
Yeah, yeah,
so it's with the time stamp should be
Yeah, because...
Because wouldn't it just be attributed to
the to the inquiry that and the time that
fine.
Yeah.
The time they submitted.
that inquiry?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah,
so you probably don't need the additional.
Yes.
Yeah.
Perfect, yeah.
So we'll stick with that out-of-the-box
Yeah.
Which?
timeline and the attachment.
Yeah.
Any other question from you, Cici?
Otherwise, I move on to the next.
He is attributed.
The.
Good.
Yeah, that's fine. Cool.
So next one is system notification.
As a system when KPMG requests additional
information,
I must notify the requester so that they
can respond.
Acceptance criteria says e-mail includes
request ID, KPMG note content,
portal link,
notification sent once per information
request cycle.
Yeah!
So this is automated e-mail. Once KPMG,
once more.
So the question that I had is.
In some of the other engagement where I
work, if they requested for information,
it sends one notification and if they
don't receive a response,
there is a follow-up e-mail within two
days, three days.
Do you think one request for information
e-mail notification is sufficient?
I think we were just going to just the
one. Yeah, I think just the one.
On.
Okay.
We're not trying to be too helpful.
We just.
Okay, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
We don't really want that.
Fair enough.
Unfortunately, it's on the record.
We've been very helpful to this date.
We've done lots of reminders.
We can land loss of water is what we've
No.
Haigh.
decided.
Okay, I think that's fair. Cici,
any questions on this?
This is pretty clear, I think.
So, yeah, yeah, automated e-mail, yeah,
that's pretty helpful already, yeah.
But whenever there is an e-mail
notification mentioned,
we need that e-mail template from you
guys with the two from subject and the
Yes, please.
content of the e-mail.
And if you are expecting some dynamic
fields like some of these has to be
pulled from a record and populated in the
e-mail automatically,
we need that as well so that.
If it's a dynamic e-mail,
it requires a bit of a build effort.
Yeah.
If it's a static e-mail,
it's straightforward. But in any case,
Yeah.
we want that template from you because it
has to be, I think, legally compliant,
Absolutely.
et cetera, right? So yeah.
Yeah, that's fine.
Cool, so moving on to the next one,
respond to additional information request.
Staff member is the actor.
As a staff member,
I want to respond to KPMG's request for
additional information so that my review
can continue. Acceptance criteria,
response to...
Response is added to a Dataverse nodes.
Attachment permitted response node is
Yeah.
visible to KPMG immediately.
Request status updates to information
Yeah.
received from staff member. That's cool.
Let me have a look if I have.
Mhm.
So I think it's somewhat similar to my
previous question.
This request for information,
back and forth communication,
Bing.
it's as many times they want,
they can send requests, right?
There is no limit to that. Okay. Yeah,
that was my question. Cici,
Yeah.
do you have any question on this user
story?
The.
No, but just be warned,
we have had people who upload image of
OK, Kurt.
themselves every day in our previous
engagement.
Okay.
Everyday.
An image of themselves. What do you mean?
As in a way to keep the inquiry active.
I don't know. That's a very,
very edge case, but it does happen,
I think.
Yes,
maybe we should just upload an image of
just so you know.
Austin.
Yeah.
But just so you know, these things happen.
Yeah, no, that's good to know.
Good to be at work.
Do not.
That's a hell of an edge case.
Yeah.
It is fine.
Wonderful. OK, uh, but by the way,
we don't have any business rule to cover
Yeah.
Go.
that edge case, so Cici.
No, we don't.
That's just set it as required basis.
Yeah.
All right,
moving on to the next user study,
QUT HR advise required pathway.
Support escalation to QUT HR for advise
where required.
Route review request to QUT HR.
As the system,
I must allow KPMG to route a review
request to QUT HR for.
for advice so that complex matters can be
resolved.
Status transitions to QUT HR advice
required, request appear in QUT HR queue.
QUT HR advice field is only visible to
KPMG and QUT HR. Again,
because we are talking about the queue
here, is there again?
Do you want to have a different queue for
based on priority?
Any categories that you want to capture
in the queue so that, oh,
I just want to review this high priority
request first and HR can go into one
queue and then if light touch request can
be reviewed later,
so do you want that categorized?
Q as well or one queue is enough.
I think one queue is probably enough.
I'm just wondering if it would be useful
when KPMG is submitting a request to us
if they have a tick box for like high
priority ones or if that's something that
would be needed.
Or would that be in their response to us?
Yeah,
and we wouldn't see that till we've
opened it. Ohh, OK. Yeah,
just wondering if they we need a flag or
anything.
Have you noticed that that's been useful
in the past or been something that's had
to?
Can it pop up, David?
for high priority.
Yeah.
Not sure. Probably not in this case.
I think it's probably more time dependent.
Um.
Yeah, cool.
I think we also have other ways of
No.
It is determined by your timer.
communicating if we needed to highlight
like a high priority one,
Yeah.
we can contact each other through Teams
or e-mail.
Mhm.
Like it.
I think, David,
that's a really good call out because
it's a time bound. Again,
does HR advice also is also SLA bound?
Yeah.
Do we want to have a separate SLA running
for the HR advice or it's altogether one
It's all together one,
so we'd have to fit into that. Yeah,
SLA of 30 days? Okay.
So, all together, yeah.
I think,
I think informally we would have to,
we would,
we would do something informally.
We can just be talking daily because,
otherwise, we help,
we hold up KPMG and result. Yeah, yeah.
Quinn,
did you have something you wanted to say?
Okay,
but you don't have to automate it in the
system. It's understood by the party.
Okay. And also,
No.
I think when we discuss the process flow,
I understand that it's a KPMG SSS
decision to route it to QUT HR,
but are there any automated business
rules that has to determine or flag that
HR review required?
Is there any such business rules you're
thinking about or do you want to leave it
as a manual decision by a KPMG HR? Sorry,
assessor.
It should be a minor decision because
putting more automated rules kind of
confuses the process.
KPNG's assessment is not automated.
Yeah.
So basically this is a decision they
arrive at by reviewing documents.
Yeah.
So trying to put business rules to that
will make it even more complex.
Yeah.
Mm.
So the idea is like if they need help,
they just pass it to HR,
Okay.
you deal with it and give us the answer.
Okay.
The.
Perfect, so it's a manual,
there is no trigger for the HR review.
That's fine.
Those are the two questions I had on this
user story. Cici,
do you have any questions? If not,
I'll move on to the.
Does QUT HR want a notification that has
come to their queue? Oh,
Pay.
we just do a manual.
If that's a simple thing.
Yeah, that's it.
Mm.
Okay.
Yeah.
to sort of get the system to span them
with more emails.
We thought at the time that it was more,
Amy,
are you right with that or do you want
your team to be notified that they need
to come here?
I'm just thinking, it's a good,
you're right.
We had originally thought maybe from a
volume perspective,
we'd be looking every day,
but then if the volumes die off,
then we won't be looking every day.
It might be helpful.
Is it easy enough to add a notification?
What's the cost of my? Yeah. Is it simple?
Is it a configuration, Cici,
or does it require build?
It is a, I mean, if it's just internal,
like e-mail templates, not fancy,
it should be fine looking at that.
Mm.
Or if you're already doing daily stand up
between the KPMG and QUT staff,
then we don't need the notification.
I just all I'm just agreement will be
there'll be periods where the review
Yeah.
mechanism will be busy and then there'll
be big gaps where we won't necessarily be
checking each day.
Yeah, okay.
I think it's better to add it then,
Ben.
and yeah,
so nothing gets through the cracks.
Yeah.
Yeah, if it's...
No.
And keep it simple, maybe a configuration,
so that's something that we do, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I automated notification when...
Yeah.
I will.
Yeah, even just super simple, like, check,
yeah, inquiry received, yeah, full stop.
No.
Yeah.
Mhm.
But I think during the peak season you
might get multiple of those notification.
It should be here.
Yeah, yeah, that's fair.
That's a good point. We can,
Okay.
we can have an inbox rule then, yeah,
yeah, just get sorted very quickly, yeah.
Yeah, it goes to that.
Cool. OK,
I'll move on to the next user story.
Provide QUT HR advise on review request.
As a QUT HR,
I want to provide comment advise on a
review request so that KPMG can complete
the review. Advise is recorded in a.
Dedicated field advice is not visible to
the requester timestamp and author is
recorded as well. Attachments permitted.
Let me have a look.
So is it one field that we are thinking
about? So advise field,
Yeah.
which is going to be the dedicated field
where HR is going to put their review.
Are we just looking at one field here or
multiple fields?
It's just one giant giant field, yeah,
yeah, do we? Yeah, ohh yeah,
Okay.
when we get into touch,
it might just come to us multiple times,
so as long as we can fill it in multiple
times, if it does, there might be, yeah,
Oh yeah,
you can keep on editing it and then
yeah.
assign it back.
And I remember.
If HR needs additional information,
are they going to go back and ask the
KPMG assessor for more information?
Okay,
and then that again in turn goes to the
Yes, yeah, yeah.
requester, right? And then it goes,
I remember that we built that loop there.
So, QUT is not asking.
Yes, it should go back to, yeah,
it's not asking the request then.
No, QUT will directly not ask the request.
They ask the KPMG SSR and its SSR who's
Mm.
going to interact with the user or
request her to, yeah.
Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, if you look at,
if you look at the state diagram,
that's basically a look at PNG is in
control of all the decision.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Once he gets the answer from QUT HR,
they decide if he's sufficient or no
state. So once again,
they can trigger it again and go back to
HR or finalise it.
Yeah,
I think CCV might have to add that part
Yeah.
as well, where if required,
they can ask for more information from
KPMG Assist.
Yep.
We can just.
Okay.
Should that be a separate field or they
were recording here as well?
I think it could probably go in the same
field because it will still be going back
I think that's it.
and forth to KPMG.
Is that if is that if HR are asking?
And how?
If you think about it,
the advice from HR can be,
this is the answer you were looking for,
or we don't understand,
this is not good enough. Then KPNG can go,
all right, we need more information.
Your answer itself can be requested more
information. That's your advice.
I need more information.
KPNG can take that and provide the
context
of what they do for that one and send it
right back to HR.
Yeah.
So that is just not explicit,
but if you want to make it implicit that
you have a state that says additional
information require, go back or forth,
it depends on how much,
how complex you want to make it,
but remember, your response as HR can be,
we want more information,
we don't know what you're asking me.
Yeah, yeah.
And then keeping the connexion again.
Yeah, and how is...
But one thing to, sorry,
one thing to remember there,
There you go.
if we are overwriting the same field
again and again,
we might lose the previous comment
provided by the HR.
We need to have some mechanism to store
that previous comment somewhere.
Either copy that into a timeline or we
need to build that, I think.
Oh yeah, so if that can be...
Otherwise we might lose some information.
Yeah.
Yeah, so if that can be timestamped.
So each time we provide information,
like HR provides information,
that gets saved as a comment.
And then when we come back and provide
more information, that's a new comment,
Mm.
which is timestamped.
So it would need to be recorded each time
Yeah.
rather than just adding to the same box.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, we can use the timeline.
So we'll use a specific type of notes
called portal comments,
which the requester can see,
Yeah.
and then another type of notes that the
requester can't see.
Right, and I saw Rochelle had a question.
Yeah.
Yeah, Rochelle had a question.
It was just if there was a note,
like if I didn't have a system looked,
but if we could just add a note to the
case and that way it's recorded for audit
Yeah.
purposes and it says who said what and
when.
Yeah.
But that's exactly what you guys have
just been discussing.
It.
So I put my hand down.
Okay.
Thanks, Rochelle. I'll just have to... Oh,
good. Maduri, you can go through.
Yeah.
I'll just make a note for the previous
ones that it's a different type of record.
Yeah. Okay,
so the next user story is record review
outcome.
Acceptance criteria says outcome must be
one of the no underpayment identified,
underpayment identified outcome terminal.
So the question that I had,
I have two questions in this case.
So is it always no under payment
identified or under payment identified?
There are no other options, right?
These are the only two end state that can
happen. Just to give you an example,
can there be review clause?
Yeah.
withdrawn by staff, review invalid,
not in scope,
review result outside portal,
some those kind of, do you think,
Hello, yes, yes.
do you see some those kind of reviews as
well? Oh, that's possible.
Yes, yeah,
so definitely withdrawn by staff member.
Yeah. Outside the portal,
do we want that happen?
Or maybe where it's not in scope. Yeah,
scope. Yes, yes,
we might need to just cheque in on what
sort of things will come up. So
potentially all of the above.
Okay,
and then review cancelled due to error.
Yep.
So these are the four things I could
think of.
So there is a possibility of those as
well. Okay, that's cool.
Yep.
Yes, yeah.
And the other important thing is imagine,
okay, we can,
one of the two outcome was the actual
outcome,
no underpayment identified or
underpayment identified.
Can that be reversed in the latest stage
due to some other reasons or some other
development happening parallelly?
Have that ever happened?
I think it would be a new, a new review,
a new review case. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ahh.
Okay, okay. So no outcome reversal,
but there could be chances of different
status, right? The one which we, okay.
Yes, yes.
Cici, do you have any questions?
If just on this,
if we wanted to keep it binary,
is it more around no amendment to
communicated outcome compared to
amendment?
So are we amending what the communicated
No,
because that's what the review mechanism
outcome?
is in the review mechanism exactly for
that.
So,
we're saying that's the outcome is final,
Yes.
Yeah.
and then they say, "Well, no,
we want we want to review that's what the
other mechanisms for."
Yeah.
Yeah, and the
So.
Oh, David,
are you thinking of distilling the
statuses into just amendment,
no amendment?
Yeah,
are we changing their calculations or not?
I don't know, is it like, is that,
is that so if you were considering a
Mhm.
binary situation here,
is it are they the two end states that
were you changing it?
I do like amended.
I do wonder if we do want to keep the
other ones as well,
just for reporting to the flow,
so that it's not that we didn't find that
there wasn't an additional underpayment
for a staff member,
but they might have withdrawn their
request and then they might come back and
submit another request,
and then we do find that there is an
underpayment. I think, yeah,
the flow tends to err on the side of the
granularities. Yeah, we don't want to.
Say if somebody did submit an inquiry and
then withdrew it and then submitted one
again later and an underpayment was
identified,
we don't want in our reporting to show
that we didn't find an underpayment and
that we did because we didn't actually
assess if there was an additional one.
Mhm.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
And if what was raised is a matter that's
And with...
outside of that particular cohort,
we're not tracking it here, are we?
Are we just treating it as...
Essentially, no underpayment identified,
or could could it?
Yes. Oh,
are you talking about like something that
falls into BAU stuff? Yes.
The default would be exactly that.
Yes, yes.
No underpayment identified.
Yeah.
So it canceled?
Yeah.
Or no CE underpayment identified.
Out of scope for this review. Yeah.
No comment on what else was found.
Yeah.
So, sorry,
do we need a cancelled status for...
Don't lift the rock. No, Cici.
For those,
do we need a cancelled status for those
like that they withdrew?
I would, yeah, withdraw, withdrawn,
I think, is probably better withdrawn.
Yeah, withdrawn by staff.
Did we,
didn't we change it to be something that
was 'cause it can be either withdrawn by
the person or they'll time out? Yeah,
withdrawn or time out,
so that's if they don't respond.
I think we did it to withdrawn slash time
out, 'cause it doesn't really matter.
Eat whether it's either one.
Ohh.
Just examples,
the metro report through review closed,
review invalid,
review reserve outside the portal,
review cancelled due to area.
I think we changed it to closed.
I think that was the, yeah,
view closed withdrawn by star.
That was a few layers to it,
So, so usually the it.
so there might be like a layer where it's
like in progress, resolved, closed,
withdrawn, or something,
and then the second layer is.
But if it's resolved,
then it's no underpayment.
Then what's the, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's right.
So it's usually resolved and then in the
resolution you talk about what it is.
And then in the withdrawn,
there's another level you can talk about
Yeah.
timeout or error.
What do we potentially want the
flexibility where with these we can add a
comment?
So if it is one of them,
like withdrawn and then with the reasons.
Uh, yeah, and then...
Yeah,
because we do want reasons to report to
the Foy as well. Yeah, we do.
For the Foy reporting,
Yeah.
we need the date of the review request,
the summary of the review being sought,
the status of the review,
the date the matter was resolved or
closed,
and the summary of the outcome of the
review.
Yeah,
we can have do some thinking around that,
but yeah, usually there's a status,
and then we call it status reason,
and then there's something that you can
write in as well.
That is reason.
Okay.
No, independent.
Be helpful.
Is is.
Am I correct in that it's better to,
so rather than making it too individual
to have to type,
I'm just thinking for consistency
purposes,
having more detailed status is better
than having withdrawn, free text,
withdrawn, free text, withdrawn,
Yes.
Yeah, it's better for reporting.
Yeah.
free text.
Yeah.
better off having withdrawn this reason,
withdrawn this reason.
I think from a consistency perspective,
that's easier to track and monitor. Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
PED.
And report as well, yeah.
Yeah, to have the granular fields, yeah.
And it's clean or taken to.
These can be added, yeah, yeah, well,
we'll start with a few.
So, yeah, that.
In my mind,
is it is it like a drop-down menu,
like you pick? Yeah, yeah.
Mm.
Yes, yes.
So you pick resolved or withdrawn first,
and then once you pick one,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
then you have another box where you can
pick what it is.
Yeah, yeah, that's great. I like that.
So it's status and sub status kind of.
Mm.
Okay,
any other question on this user story
before I move on to the next one?
Okay,
let's move on to the next notification
user story.
Send review outcome notification. Again,
it's a system user story.
System is the persona here.
Acceptance criteria says correct
notification sent based on outcome.
If underpayment identified outcome
enables payment details module for.
former staff member,
notification to include details of
payment specific to the staff member and
provide all details necessary to meet EU
obligation.
So I think when you say EU obligation,
are you talking about the way the wording
in the e-mail?
Does that has to be aligned with the EU
obligation?
Yeah.
Or you mean timeline? Is it just timeline?
Is it? So,
No, no, the text in the e-mail.
it's so this is where the outcome
notification might align with the the
that initial outcome notification,
so that whether it has an attachment and
things like that,
so it just start linking what we have to
tell them, yeah,
what information needs to be provided for
that additional.
if an additional underpayment is
identified,
we need to provide what that relates to.
So it will be a similar e-mail to the
initial outcome e-mail.
Okay, okay,
and you guys will provide us the template
With its big fields, potential tasks. Yes,
we will. Yeah.
as well.
And then I think what we want to
communicate here is the e-mail
notification should have a clear
explanation about what's the outcome,
right? Is it under payment was identified,
payment details are now required, or...
payment details module will be available
in the portal, something like that.
Yes.
Just kind of the instruction for the
requester to perform some tasks. Yeah.
Add to progress, yeah.
I do, that's the only question I had.
Cici,
do you have any question here in this?
Is this the automated e-mail the system
sends after KPMGSS? Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, yes, yes, system automated in a Deb.
Now,
should we do we need to further specify
here that the review outcome is only sent
if there's an underpayment? Oh, yeah,
that's in the acceptance criteria if
identified. Yeah, okay, great.
Mm.
Yeah, otherwise it doesn't, yeah.
Yeah, great. Cool.
Correct,
that's captured in the process flow as
well.
Nice.
Beautiful.
Are the notification different depending
on the...
The reason for Dowling the payment, or?
I think.
It's just a standard one.
Yes.
I think. Okay, would look in there.
The reason for that,
it might just come down to the
entitlement.
I can't remember what landed on the
entitlement.
It might be specific to the which
entitlement. Yeah.
Like it might be minimum engagement or it
might be something else over time wasn't
Okay.
captured or appropriately picked up.
So there'll be some editing.
Mhm.
Yeah, so that could,
and it might require attachments as well.
Remember,
you have the approach that David was
similar to the approach that David was
suggesting for the initial outcome with
the table saying what word entitlements
that you trigger or is an attachment.
Yeah.
That's the part that probably will
suggest you guys discuss there how you're
going to handle that one.
Yeah,
so more information about that
notification is in document 5 as well
with the outcome comms.
It will be similar to that.
So, it would be...
And if there's not.
Sorry, you finish.
Sorry,
and if there's no underpayment identified,
then it will be a simpler e-mail. Yeah.
Yeah. So there'd almost be two versions.
There'd be one if an underpayment is
identified,
and one if there is no further
underpayment identified.
That would be a simpler one,
but if there is...
Are we not seeing anything if there's no
underpayment identified?
If they come through the review mechanism,
you still need to let them know if...
Yeah. Oh, okay. There's no additional.
Alright,
because the one we looked at was the
document uploader. Yeah, so, OK,
so no end payment identifier would be
Yeah.
like a simpler stock standard e-mail,
and if end payment is identified,
Yeah. Yes.
they can.
Also,
the KPMG assessor can pick from a list of
the other entitlements,
and the entitlements they tick will go
into the e-mail.
Is that what you were thinking, David, or?
Yeah, I'm just, yeah,
there's also maybe some timing
considerations.
If they've already been paid, we probably,
or part of it,
we probably have to indicate how much
extra they will be paid as of.
Yes, yes, that's right.
That's what would have to be in that
letter. Yeah.
Yeah,
whereas some people maybe the review is
completed before we've even attempted to
pay them. So I assume those people,
we only pay them once.
Yes. Oh, that's true.
If people haven't provided their payment
details in time for some reason,
if they haven't done that.
then they might not have been paid
initially, and this might be,
we might be paying that both payments in
one.
That would happen, yeah.
Don't we just make it even as two
separate packets,
even if they haven't submitted it,
it's still processing.
Let's see where there's a benefit into
making them submit their payment details
before they can access the review
mechanism,
because it would stop that happening.
Okay,
so anyone who goes to the review
mechanism with a additional payment due
to them,
part of it would have already been paid.
Yes,
part of them would have already been paid.
And by Amy.
Yes,
so it's just the top up that you would
Just the top up, yeah, okay, okay.
And then the message will need to explain
have to repay.
what is the additional payment.
So what is the...
Correct. I think that's the benefit.
That's the benefit in keeping them
separate is it's really clear what money
is what. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, except we need to, I guess,
need to have a read of the EU guidelines
as to what they mean by review mechanism
must be accessible.
So.
Yeah.
I set that the step around that.
We'll put that in the parking lot.
Thank you.
Cool,
let's move on to the next user story then.
Automatically cancel review request due
to inactivity as the system if no
response is received within seven days of
KPMG requesting additional information,
I must cancel the review request.
System updates to cancel, sorry,
status updates to cancel,
cancellation reason recorded.
Data retained for audit and accessible to
KPMG and QUT HR for review if user
creates a new request and the information
needs to be cross-checked manually.
So this is an automatic system activity,
right? It's not the KPMG SS are doing it.
Yes.
Okay, and then.
Cancellation reason recorded.
Who is recording this?
So if no response within seven days,
that would be automatic,
that it would time out if we don't
receive a response from the staff member
Yeah.
within seven days.
So the system is recording the
cancellation. Yeah, the system.
So,
so then I think it's a automated standard
reason, right?
Like no activity within past seven days,
Yeah.
hence cancelled. OK,
it's not going to be a manual entry by
anyone. OK, probably we, yeah,
we need we need that particular reason as
I'm Deb.
well that.
Has to appear in that in the record that
gets automatically timed out.
It's.
Yeah.
AP.
So is it cancelled timeout and that's the
reason.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mm.
Okay.
And we just decide on that.
Are you happy with that?
Okay, so the reason...
I'm sorry, the reason is not a text box,
it's a pick list,
kind of a standard list of things, is it?
Status, okay, okay. It's a status, okay.
Yeah,
I think we decide on the better for
reporting. Yeah,
maybe we'll send you the list of reasons
Okay, yeah, yeah.
we can recommend and you can add the
scenarios next to each one and tell us if
you need more sub-status after this
meeting. Yeah.
Yep. Great idea. Well, that's great.
I think I might have asked this question
earlier.
Yes.
We don't want to remind the user that
your seven days, your timing out due to...
The.
Okay. No follow. That's fine.
I think that was the only question I had
on this user story. Cici,
do you have any questions on this?
Alright, this one, yes, all good.
This is inactivity from the, yeah,
requested side.
Yeah, yeah, for seven days, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that's fine.
Yep.
Okay, on to the next one.
So this is about review mechanism
notification user stories.
Epic description says, provide controlled,
timely and auditable notification to
staff member KPMG and QUT HR to support
the review mechanism lifecycle,
including request creation,
information rework.
cancellation and final outcome.
So the user story is about send review
request creation confirmation.
Description says as the system,
when a staff member successfully submits
a review request,
I must send a confirmation notification
so that the staff member requester has
evidence that review request has been
received and is under assessment.
Acceptance criteria says trigger
condition given a staff member has
completed review justification entry,
uploaded required supporting
documentation,
successfully submitted the review request.
Notification behaviour says when the
review request is created and stored,
then the system sends a notification
e-mail to the requester.
stored e-mail address because they enter
the e-mail address when they place a
request. That's it. Content requirement,
the e-mail must include the following.
The unique review request ID,
a short confirmation message
acknowledging the receipt,
a statement that the request is now under
assessment.
No sensitive information or uploaded
document content.
Notification should inform staff member
that if further information is not
provided in seven days,
it might result in delay to their outcome
resolution.
Frequency rules set once per review
request.
We have discussed it in the previous user
story as well.
Must not be resent on re-entry or page
refresh. That's perfect.
Okay.
The one thing that I would maybe change
is in the acceptance criteria up there
Gu.
where we say,
given that the staff member has completed
Mhm.
their review justification and uploaded
requiring supporting documentation,
Yeah.
do they have to upload required support?
No, so that's optional.
So,
because my understanding of the way that
Yeah.
JIRA works is it's like this plus this
plus this has to be met,
Mm.
but that section is optional. Good.
OK, OK.
So and this acknowledgement should be
visible in the portal as well for the
requester.
possible.
That's just the first list on there.
Is that part of the standard way the
system set up?
Ohh.
Cici.
We just say,
do it on the notion message acknowledging.
Sorry, say that again.
It needs to be in the portal if the
person logs in and sees it.
Is that what you said, Marija?
Yeah,
do you expect the requester to see it in
the portal as well or just e-mail is
enough?
It's both, I think, is it? Yeah,
so it's a portal comment.
Yeah, but I think, yeah, in the board,
they can see that, yes.
Ohh, it's a portal comment, not an e-mail.
OK.
So the e-mail is triggered by the portal
comment.
That's it.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, so it appears in both places. Yeah,
that's fair.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I think that's pretty clear.
Do you have any questions on this Cici?
Well, this is just a confirmation, right?
Is this a notification, yeah? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like a receipt? Yeah, okay. Yeah,
that's fine.
Yeah.
Cool. So moving on to the next one,
notify requested that additional
information is required.
As a system when KPMG requests additional
information for review request,
I must notify the requester so that they
are aware action is required to progress
their review.
Trigger condition given a review request
is in assessment in progress and KPNG
adds a Dataverse notes requesting further
information. When the note is saved,
then the system sends an e-mail
notification to the requester.
The notification includes review request
ID, standard static.
Explanatory text: the full content of the
Dataverse nodes authorised by authored by
KPMG,
the secure link to the CER portal that
routes the requester to portal
authentication,
then the review request node page
notification should inform.
staff member that if further information
is not provided by seven days,
it may result in delay or their outcome
resolution,
delay to their outcome resolution.
An option to cancel the request if no
longer required is also available.
No internal comments or hidden fields are
exposed.
Link does not contain sensitive data.
Send once per information request cycle.
A new notification is sent only if KPMG
issues a new request node.
Mm.
I think this is very clear, AC.
I don't have any question on this.
Yeah.
Is the seven days instead of it may
result in delays,
Okay.
it's it may be cancelled or?
That's just us saying, yeah,
that's us saying without saying it,
that we're going to close off their
inquiry. I don't reply. Yeah,
Okay.
it's us trying to be trying to
communicate it without creating alarm.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, okay, so this...
It's just a text, it's just text.
So when they come back and they try to
reply after seven days,
Yeah.
they can't because it's closed.
It would initiate a new request.
They will have to, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay,
we probably just need to let the hotline
And.
people know this because there'll be
people who come after seven days, be like,
it's caused, can I reply to it?
Now what would I do?
Yeah, yeah, the question is, yeah,
is there any smarts within the system
Yeah.
that it just automatically lets them go
back in and create a new,
and it just appears as a new?
Or does it just keep adding to that one
person's review,
but it's just the timer that just changes?
So whether the actual... Yeah.
Ah, right now.
The way that we've written it is that
it's a new review every time. Yeah.
But that's why we want to have that
history attached to that person so that
you can see what was previously submitted.
Yeah,
Yeah.
we're just about curious about when the
staff member comes back in,
if they go back all the way to the start
screen.
and I'll be like, what?
Where did my inquiry go? Yeah,
just be a bit unclear if they've got us
to start again.
If there's a way for them to just come
back into there, like start again,
but not for the user.
So it looks like for them that they're
just coming back into it.
I don't know if there's a way to do that
cleanly,
where it still resets the timer for us.
Cool.
Mm.
Can the status be inactive rather than
cancelled? Inactive for seven days.
The Gu.
And then when they come back,
we reset the timer and reactivate it.
We can reactivate it.
The only thing you don't see then is the
is the history. Yeah,
when it initially was started and
everything,
I don't know if we'd lose all of that
information. If you just reactivate it,
why don't it just go back into the old
information? I'm thinking about reporting.
Yeah.
Ohh, ohh.
Should be the.
Yeah, if we were reporting to the phone,
what start date will we be providing?
The reactivated.
It's really up to you.
So if you want them to create a new one
It just will.
every time, then we should enforce it.
When they come to it, it's just closed.
Yeah.
I think it's,
could we have something on that landing
Yeah.
page to be like,
if you are coming in after seven days and
Yeah.
you've been like, I don't know,
a snappier way to say it. Well,
maybe we need to be clearer in that
communication that if you don't have time
Ms.
in seven days,
you'll need to resubmit your inquiry.
Mm.
We don't want to answer everything to
resubmit everything. No, no,
that's the whole thing.
Activate your inquiry,
but any information you've already
submitted will still be stored or
something like that. Is that it?
If we're just concerned about the timer
starting again,
could we just have a new status created
that's like reactivated and then whatever
the timestamp associated with that status
update is,
that's what we use for the new 30 days?
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think my concern is that if we report
to the flow in one six monthly report and
we have those previous dates and then we
report again and it's different dates
updated,
it will look like we're providing
incorrect information,
because those dates are different.
Mm.
then be in that next report because
there'll be renewed dates,
It.
they won't have those initial dates.
So say we have some that are in progress
So.
when we provide it to the floor and we
say it started on the 1st of Feb,
but then that gets reactivated and then
it starts on the 1st of March.
When we report the second title,
say 1st of March,
and that old one will be completely wiped
and not go west.
where are these inquiries gone that were
all from? Well, they were, yeah.
And then are we lodging it under the same
request ID?
And then that also looks confusing.
It.
So we could create,
so we could close it after the seven days,
and then when the comment writes a new
comment,
create a copy of the old one as a new one,
so that you can work on the new one with
Yep, yes.
a history of the old one,
but the old one's status will be
cancelled.
Yeah, that's.
Because 7 days has elapsed.
And then that would, that was that,
I guess what you were saying,
keeps all the information there,
you have to re-enter it and the copy will
have a different request ID, yes.
Mm.
Cici, yeah, OK.
Yeah, that's right.
Copy will have a new request ID.
And that will be easier for the user.
Yeah.
Yes, yeah,
because to the user's perspective,
Yeah, OK.
they're responding to the same one.
Oh, great. That would be.
Actually, no,
we don't want them to see that they
respond. Do we?
Mm.
We still want them to see their history,
yes.
But they will be able to see it's a
different response. I do.
Is that going to create a problem if
someone's coming in to lodge a different?
Query.
No, no,
they will be able to launch as many.
OK, I can take them right, OK.
It's just when we close it,
we create a copy of it. If they, no, no,
sorry. We close it and it's closed.
Only if they come back to the closed one
and want to reactivate it,
then it creates a copy of that.
Okay.
But that means the person coming in will
see that it was already closed.
Mm.
Okay. Yeah,
I think the user experience is important.
We can sort out the Foy reporting in the
background,
Yeah.
but I do think the user experience is,
yeah, how can we make that smooth?
Census.
Then I think reactivating that form
itself is useful because it saves a lot
People.
of time as well and it holds the history
as it is.
Yeah.
Yeah, so let's.
And we'll have a record of that
inactivation. So yeah,
Yeah, yeah, correct, yeah.
so maybe in the reporting,
we could treat it as if something has
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
been set to an inactive state because of
no activity over seven days for your
reporting, you count that as cancelled.
And then if they do come back, it's a new,
Yeah.
we count, we treat it as a new one.
We can explain it as such.
Yeah,
maybe we could have a reactivation date
field in the reports.
We have the initial submission date and
Mm.
Yeah.
then reactivation date. Yeah.
That sounds good.
Let me make a note of that,
capture what we just said: closure due to
Yes, try and capture all of that, Cici.
Yeah.
inactivity and reactivation date. OK.
So, it will be reactivated when a user...
Makes a new comment: Reactivation date is
recorded.
Closure date will also be recorded.
That's in the audit history.
In the audit.
Tree.
Yep.
That's good. Are there any time? Oh,
it will be closed for good,
Thank you.
like once you actually resolve it.
It's only,
they can only reactivate if it's been
cancelled due to inactivity.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay. Yeah,
I'll write it down somewhere.
Okay.
I'll move on to the next user story.
Flag review request and requester submits
additional information.
As a system when a requester responds to
a KPMG information request,
I must flag the review request so that
SSR are aware new information has
received.
Acceptance criteria says a trigger
condition given a review request is
evaiting additional information.
When the requester has a Dataverse note,
the system must be marked as,
the request must be marked as note
received, unread for KPMG.
A timestamp must be.
Applied visibility requirement: the under
indicator must be visible in KPMG
administrator view,
request list and filters,
internal system alert only,
no external e-mail clear automatically
clears automatically once viewed by KPMG.
I think I don't have any questions on
this as well. Cici,
do you have any question on this?
Sorry,
I'm still trying to capture the previous
Officer.
The.
one. Give me two seconds.
I must reactivate.
Yeah.
The case, okay,
let me have a look at this, so...
So here in the notification scope it says
clear automatically once viewed by KPMG.
So are you talking about the flag or the
message itself?
I can just scroll up,
so is this an e-mail notification that
gets to?
No, it's an internal notification.
I don't think it's an e-mail.
It's written that no e-mail,
no external e-mail. Yeah, it's a flag,
Must be a flag.
right? Yeah.
A real Christie.
Yeah,
so just to let you know that information
has been received back from the staff
member.
So this is from the, oh, okay, okay, okay.
So when they reply then, yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, it's just to update the, I guess,
the status to let.
Maybe just response received.
Yeah.
Response from request,
received from request,
response to receive from request, yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
I probably don't need it.
I'm rich by KPMG feel.
We'll have a think about how the status
transition works. Yeah, after this.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
Cool.
I think we only have nine more minutes.
I'll try to cover this one and probably
we might have to continue this session
tomorrow as well, Cici.
We'll start with the remaining question.
Yeah.
Okay, so the next one is review outcome,
no underpayment identified.
Notify requester of review outcome,
no underpayment identified. As a system,
when a review request is completed with
the finding that no underpayment has been
identified,
I must notify the requester of the
outcome. Acceptance criteria says.
trigger condition given KPMG completes
assessment and the outcome recorded is no
underpayment identified.
An outcome e-mail is sent.
The e-mail must include review request ID,
outcome statement confirming no
underpayment identified.
A short explanation that we review that
the review is finalized.
No payment initiation messaging must be
specific to the staff member,
ensuring the notification meets all
associated requirements as outlined in EU.
I think it's the same comment.
We need that particular e-mail template,
so which will cover all these criteria.
And again,
I agree.
it's sent once per completed review.
That's straightforward. Cici,
anything from you?
That one's good,
the next one is the complicated one.
Yeah.
Ahh.
Okay, so I'll try to finish this one.
Review outcome under payment identified,
Yeah.
notify requester of review outcome under
payment identified.
I.
As a system when a review request is
completed with an under payment
identified,
I must notify the requester and enable
progression to payment details collection.
Trigger condition given the KPMG
completes assessment and the outcome
recorded is under payment identified.
The behaviour review request is marked as
completed.
Eligibility for payment detail collection
module is enabled for the cohort.
Notification behavior,
the system sends an outcome notification
e-mail specific to the staff member,
ensuring that
that the notification meets all
associated requirements outlined in EU.
It may follow a similar format that
initial outcome correspondence and
content. Again,
review request ID confirmation that an
underpayment was identified,
advise that payment details will now be
required.
A statement that the payment detail
module will be available via.
portal. I think again, it's pretty clear.
We might have to include those hyperlinks
to access that payment module as well.
Send once for the completed review.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, the only, I think we are left with,
I think we have,
we are done with all the user story here.
Let me just close. No,
we still have a couple of more,
which we'll cover tomorrow.
Mm.
I think three more maybe. Yeah, I think,
yeah, pretty much done.
We have covered all the user story,
captured all the details,
asked all the questions that we've
documented, and thank you very much.
for clarifying all the questions as well.
Yeah,
and helping us with the business process
flow validation as well. Yeah,
I think we'll catch up tomorrow again,
continue where we left,
And.
and then we'll move on with the other
modules which Cici is going to walk us
through as well.
Okay.
I think that was a very good conversation,
You think?
particularly about the review mechanism,
because that was one of the biggest ones
that in our mind,
we were still not sure how it would flow.
Yes.
So this has been very helpful.
Yeah, we thought we would start with that.
Get the beast. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was good. It was good. Great.
Yeah.
Facilitator would have recorded the
action items, yeah. Maybe, Nic,
Yes.
did you have a list of the actions or
decisions still pending if you want to
just read that out for us?
Uh...
Yeah, sure. So.
Right.
Just, yeah,
so we've got an access to the Word
document. That's fine.
About the sort of environment
confirmation about one environment test
for the UIT and the unit tests.
Yep.
That's been a...
And.
No, so let me just go through this again,
and I can post them in the chat, so...
Yeah, yeah, sounds good. Sorry,
I put it on the spot there, yeah.
Yeah, no, no, all good, all good, so.
Yeah.
Alright, thanks everyone.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
Thanks, all.
Thank you.